{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green0\blue255;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
{\info
{\author Zach K}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13780\viewkind1
\deftab708
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232

\f1\b \cf0 Jailhouse Rock
\f0  
\f1 by human  \
\
\
                                                                                                      
\b0 \
   Thank you for downloading my track!\
\

\b Credits\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj

\b0 \cf0 \
    I am grateful for the ready help of the following revolters who tested the track and used their own skills to improve its quality and racing experience on it and helped me to fix all the bugs.\
\
Thanks to Zach (aka zagames) for creating the batch files. These files install and uninstall additional features that I have added, mainly to improve the visual look of the track. It is a clever and flexible way to tweak or simplify the track. To see how to use these, please read the \cf2 installation instructions\cf3 . \cf0 \
Thanks to Manmountain for tweaking the ai nodes. I implemented some of his ideas with his permission and made some changes according to his advices.\
Thanks to Hilaire9 for his valuable advices on makeitgood editing and eliminating bugs. \
Thanks to Sjampo for testing the track and for his constructive feedback.\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232

\b \cf0 The Track\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232

\b0 \cf0 \
   Name \'96 Jailhouse Rock\
   Zip name \'96 jailhouse\
   Folder name \'96 jailhouse\
   Author \'96 human\
   Type - extreme\
   Lenght - 729 m\
   Difficulty \'96 I think the track is similar to, or slightly harder than Toytanic.\
   Construction - 28782 poligons in the word file and 978 poligons as objects/instances (excluding custom pickups)\
   Stars \'96 1 (as global weapon)\
\
Other tracks by me\
    (in order of creation) \'96 Cycle Road, Human Center, Freestoyle, RcDream, RcDream Enduro (together with Hilaire9), Freestoyle2, Metro-Volt, Helios, Sakura\
All my tracks are available on: \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://rvzt.zackattackgames.com/main/\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj

\b \cf0 The Time\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj

\b0 \cf0 \
   This is a fairly fast track, you can drive by top speed most of the time (with stock cars) but for really good times (for example to beat my current record with toyeca with pickups off: 00:50:953), you really need to take care of corners and the right curves, you might need to use the brake as well :)\
    Typical times of a few stock cars:\
Humma: 00:55 \'96 01:00\
Adeon, Cougar, Zipper: 01:00 \'96 01:05\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232

\b \cf2 Installation\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj

\b0 \cf0 \
Basic track installation: Extract the compressed file into your \ul main\ulnone  Re-Volt directory. (typically: C:\\\\Program Files\\Acclaim Entertainment \\\ul Re-Volt\ulnone \\ )\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232

\b \cf2 Batch operations:\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj
\cf0 The batch files are relatively simple.  It is important to follow ALL of the directions displayed by the batch files.  Please do not terminate the install/un-install after beginning.  If the installation or un-installation was an accident, please reverse it using the provided files.  This track includes two batch files.  They should be located in the main Re-Volt directory.  Each one changes extension whether the custom features are installed or un-installed.  These files include the following:\
\pard\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri2232\qj
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	setup_jailhouse.bat\
2.	uninstall_jailhouse.tmp\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj
\cf0 To install the custom features, run \'93setup_jailhouse.bat\'94.  Follow the on-screen instructions.  DO NOT EXIT.  This file will change from *.bat to *.tmp and the un-install will change from *.tmp to *.bat.  To un-install the custom features, run \'93uninstall_jailhouse.bat\'94.  The file will change back to *.tmp and the setup will change back to *.bat.  Once again, DO NOT EXIT during operation.\
\
The batch files have been written to use as little space as possible.  They also automatically back up and replace original files, so long as you do not exit the installer or un-installer during operation.  \
We are NOT responsible for any damages caused by the batch files.  Use them at your own risk.\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj
\cf2  \cf0 \
Features that will be installed (and can be un-installed) by launching the batch files:\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri2232\qj
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 Ceiling fans and table fans with their shadows start spining.\
\pard\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri2232\qj
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 Pickup models will be replaced with dynamite sticks.\
\pard\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri2232\qj
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 Laser beams and firework lights turn from red to blue.\
\pard\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri2232\qj
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 Custom sky and clouds will be added.\
Flashing alarm lights, steam from drainage and other bits and bobs.\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj
\cf0 \
Changes made by batch operations are purely of vizual nature, they do not affect the flow in any ways, \ul the two versions are completely identical and compatible with each other (online multiplayer) in terms of racing characteristics.\ulnone  The only thing that can be affected apart from vizual look is the fps (frame per second) value, which, if became too low as a result of installing the extra features, can be restored by uninstalling them, according to the user's preferences, some like enhanced vizual properties, others might prefer higher fps value; in case both can not be achieved in the same time because of a less powerful computer system.\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj
\cf4 Please note: some of the custom features (dynamite pickups, laser/firework color) will appear on all the installed tracks untill you uninstall them using the above described method. \cf0 If you like the dynamite pickups for example, you can keep these features installed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj

\b \cf0 Contact\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj

\b0 \cf0 \
   Criticism and feedback are welcome at the following address: \cf4 \ul \ulc4 step-of-human@freemail.hu\cf0 \ulnone \
   If a bug is detected, please send an email with a short description of the symptom.\
\
   You can also find me on:  \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://s3.invisionfree.com/Our_ReVolt_Pub/index.php\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj

\b \cf0 \ulnone Personal\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj

\b0 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj
\cf4 \ulnone    \cf0 Please feel free to visit my website at \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://www.photonbrush.com/ \ulnone \
   I regularly enter online photo contests, if you like this track, you could return the favour and support me by voting for me (and asking your friends as well to do so :)\cf0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232\qj
\cf0 \ulnone ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232

\b \cf0 Jailhouse Rock
\f0  
\f1 by human\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri2232

\b0 \cf0 2009-December\
\
2013-March\
Converted bitmaps to 32bit, added alpha channel, put custom files in /custom/ folder for 1.2 support\
Thanks to human for this incredible track. It might be considered as the best one ever created.\
\
-Marv, Re-Volt Frontend, http://revoltfrontend.wordpress.com/}